.TH SEITON 1 "2026-04-27" "seiton 0.3.0" "User Commands"
.
.SH NAME
seiton \- interactive Bitwarden vault auditor
.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B seiton
[\fIcommand\fR] [\fIflags\fR]
.
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B seiton
detects duplicates, weak and reused passwords, missing fields, and
disorganized folders in a Bitwarden vault, then walks the user through
each finding for interactive review. Plaintext never leaves the local
machine. All vault mutations flow through the
.B bw
CLI with per\-item confirmation.
.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B audit
Fetch, analyze, review findings, apply approved changes (default).
.TP
.B resume
Resume a previously interrupted audit session.
.TP
.B discard
Delete the saved pending\-ops queue.
.TP
.B report
Read\-only analysis. Supports \fB\-\-json\fR output.
.TP
.B doctor
Preflight checks for bw, session, and config.
.TP
.B config show
Display the full resolved configuration.
.TP
.B config get \fIkey\fR
Get a specific configuration value.
.TP
.B config set \fIkey\fR \fIvalue\fR
Set a configuration value.
.TP
.B config path
Print the active config file path.
.TP
.B config edit
Open the config file in $VISUAL/$EDITOR.
.TP
.B config reset
Reset config to defaults.
.
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
.B \-\-config \fIpath\fR
Override the config file location.
.TP
.B \-\-dry\-run
Print planned actions without performing them.
.TP
.B \-\-json
Output findings in JSON format (report only).
.TP
.B \-\-no\-color
Disable ANSI color output.
.TP
.B \-\-verbose, \-v
Increase log detail (\-vv for trace).
.TP
.B \-\-quiet, \-q
Suppress non\-essential output.
.TP
.B \-\-skip \fIcategory\fR
Skip a finding category (repeatable).
.TP
.B \-\-limit \fIn\fR
Stop after n findings per category.
.TP
.B \-\-help, \-h
Print help and exit.
.TP
.B \-\-version, \-V
Print version and exit.
.
.SH EXIT STATUS
.TP
.B 0
Command completed successfully.
.TP
.B 1
General error (apply failures, fetch failures).
.TP
.B 2
Internal/unexpected error.
.TP
.B 3
Failed to parse bw CLI output.
.TP
.B 64
Invalid arguments, unknown command, or non-interactive terminal.
.TP
.B 69
bw CLI not available on PATH.
.TP
.B 73
Cannot create file or directory.
.TP
.B 77
Vault locked or BW_SESSION not set.
.TP
.B 130
User interrupt (SIGINT). Pending ops saved if enabled.
.
.SH ENVIRONMENT
.TP
.B BW_SESSION
Bitwarden session token. Required for audit, resume, and report.
.TP
.B SEITON_CONFIG
Alternate config file path.
.TP
.B SEITON_VERBOSE
Set to 1 or 2 for verbose/trace output.
.TP
.B NO_COLOR
Disable ANSI color output when set to any value.
.TP
.B CI
Simulates CI behavior (plain output, quiet by default).
.TP
.B VISUAL
Editor used by config edit (takes precedence over EDITOR).
.TP
.B EDITOR
Fallback editor used by config edit.
.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I $XDG_CONFIG_HOME/seiton/config.json
User configuration file (mode 0600).
.TP
.I $XDG_STATE_HOME/seiton/pending.json
Pending operations queue (mode 0600). Created on SIGINT during audit.
.TP
.I $HOME/.config/seiton/config.json
Fallback config location when XDG_CONFIG_HOME is not set.
.TP
.I $HOME/.seitonrc.json
Legacy config file location (lowest priority).
.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR bw (1)
.PP
Project homepage: https://github.com/bigantlabs/seiton
